ref: Clarify JS tracingOrigins default values (#5593)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation.mdx

### tracingOrigins

> A list of strings and regular expressions. The JavaScript SDK will attach the `sentry-trace` and `baggage` headers to all outgoing XHR/fetch requests whose destination contains a string in the list or matches a regex in the list. If your frontend is making requests to a different domain, you will need to add it there to propagate the `sentry-trace` and `baggage` headers to the backend services, which is required to link transactions together as part of a single trace. **The `tracingOrigins` option matches against the whole request URL, not just the domain. Using stricter regex to match certain parts of the URL ensures that requests do not unnecessarily have the additional headers attached.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of strings and regular expressions. The JavaScript SDK will attach the `sentry-trace` and `baggage` headers to all outgoing XHR/fetch requests whose destination contains a string in the list or matches a regex in the list. If your frontend is making requests to a different domain, you'll need to add it there to propagate the `sentry-trace` and `baggage` headers to the backend services, which is required to link transactions together as part of a single trace. 

**The `tracingOrigins` option matches against the whole request URL, not just the domain. Using stricter regex to match certain parts of the URL ensures that requests do not unnecessarily have the additional headers attached.**
```

> The default value of `tracingOrigins` is `['localhost', /^\//]`. This means that by default, tracing headers are only attached to requests that contain `localhost` in their URL or to requests whose URL starts with a `'/'` (for example `GET /api/v1/users`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value of `tracingOrigins` is `['localhost', /^\//]`. This means that by default, tracing headers are only attached to requests that contain `localhost` in their URL or requests whose URL starts with a `'/'` (for example `GET /api/v1/users`).
```

The default is `true`.

### \_experiments

> This is an object containing experimental flags for features that may involve breaking changes that haven't yet landed in a new major version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an object containing experimental flags for features that haven't yet landed in a new major version and might include breaking changes.
```
